The ABS-g-MAH prepared with the content of MA 5 wt % was used as a compatibilizer for R-PET/ABS blends.
The results obtained show PVA to be capable of compatibilizing PVDF/PS systems when present in concentrations of 30 ~01%.
Melt rheology and die swell of PA6/LDPE blends by using lithium ionomer as a compatibilizer.
Melt rheology of low-density polyethylene/polyamide 6 using ionomer as a compatibilizer.
Use of zinc-neutralized ethylene/methacrylic acid copolymer ionomers as blend compatibilizers for nylon 6 and low-density polyethylene.
Blends of polyamide 6 with low-density polyethylene compatibilized with ethylene-methacrylic acid based copolymer ionomers.
ABS-g-MAH was an efficient compatibilizer for R-PET/ABS blends.
Copolymers, either by the postreaction of PS or by the copolymerization of styrene and hydroxyl-containing monomers, show greater improvements in their compatibilities with PEO than PS.
However, higher contents of POSS were found to diminish the compatibility between PLA and PCL.
Using POSS–C60 giant molecules as a novel compatibilizer for PS/PMMA polymer blends.
Thus, the compatibility of oligoesteralcohols with freon 11 is enhanced by the introduction of tris(8-chlorethy1)phosphate.
The compatibility test of freon 11 with the mixture oligoesteralcohol-low-molecular polyol revealed that the introduction of 15% polyethyleneglycol in oligoesteralcohol no.
An abrupt transition from a miscibility to immiscibility regime occurs when the p-chlorostyrene content exceeds about 65 mole%
It is concluded that PTBF acts as a compatible plasticizer in PMMA/PTBF blends and, because of changed morphology, improves the elongation of blend films compared to pure PMMA.
When the amount of high-viscosity PMMA varied from 10 to 20 wt %, the morphology of the ABS binary blends varied from poor to satisfactory compatibility.
SMA, as a compatibilizer, improved the interfacial adhesiveness of ABS and PMMA, which results in PMMA having good dispersion in the matrix.
In this case, SMA was used to enhance the compatibility of ABS/PMMA blends.
A small amount of SMA was induced to further improve the thermal properties, and at the same time it also enhanced the compatibility of ABS/PMMA blends.
It was observed that the compatibility is improved by the additionof PCL.
The compatibility in PClSANlPCL blends is improved as the content of PCL increases
In a recent report21 it was demonstrated that polystyrene could be compatibilized with poly(ethy1 acrylate) when polystyrene was sulfonated to the extent of 5% and the poly(ethy1 acrylate) actually contained a similar percentage of vinylpyridine units.
The MA-, BMIand AA-functionalized IPP act as compatibilizing agents ternary IPP/PA6/EPDM blends.
From our own experience we can add the system butyl-rubber-EPDM terpolymer which is also compatible at room temperature and becomes immiscible when heated.
In previous work we have used the sodium salt of poly(ethylene-co-methacrylic acid) to modify the properties of poly(ethylene terephthalate) (PET) and compatibilize PET/LLDPE blends9.
Two block copolymers, polysulfone – polyethylene terephthalate (PSF – PET) and polysulfone – polyhydroxybenzoate (PSF – PHB), were synthesized in order to compatibilize the blends of polysulfone (PSF) and a semiaromatic thermotropic liquid crystalline polymer (TLCPA1)
Positive values of flp8 and flpMMA indicate that compatibility of the two polymers decreases with increasing molecular weights of polystyrene and poly(methy1 methacrylate), respectively.
In our experiments, the compatibility of equal weights of polystyrene and poly(methy1 methacrylate) in benzene was found to decrease with increasing temperature.
This means that the addition of MA with a concentration 10% or more to the investigated blends improves to some extent the degree of compatibility in PS/PVC blends.
SMA is used as a compatilizer to improve the compatibility of the PC/PS alloy.
It shows the compatibility of low molecular weight PC/PS is better than that of common PC/PS.
These epoxide groups may improve the degree of compatibility between NR and EPDM in this region.
It has been found that both the compatibility and the mechanical properties of the blends PA6/PS (80/20 wt/wt) can be improved by the addition of small amounts (2 phr) of SbEO copolymers.
interpretation of the In this work the compatibilizing effect exerted by PVA on the incompatible blend PVDF/PS is studied, taking recourse to both the interpretation of the Flory.
These results suggest that the PET/PVC blend system becomes more incompatible as the amount of PET increases in the mixture.
St–BA graft copolymers constituted the compatibilizer of the PS–PBA phases.
On the basis, PP and PA6 present complimentary properties, but their blends always are immiscible and exhibit typical two-phase incompatible characters after directly blending because of their differences in chemical structure and polarity.
Poly(ethylene adipate) (PEA) and polytetramethylene ether glycol (PTMEG) were used as compatibilizers in the biodegradable polymer blend of poly(L-lactic acid)/poly(butylene succinate-co-L-lactate) (PLLA/PBSL).
Examples of the compatibilizers used in PLLA/PBSL blends are diglycerine tetraacetate, lysine triisocynate (LTI) , and polyethylene oxide–polypropylene oxide–polyethylene oxide (PEO–PPO–PEO) triblock copolymer.
In this study, poly(ethylene adipate) (PEA) and polytetramethylene ether glycol (PTMEG) were used as compatibilizers for the PLLA/PBSL blend to modify the immiscible morphology and mechanical properties of the PLLA/PBSL blend.
Maleic anhydride (MA) grafted PP was found to improve the compatibility between the PCE and PP phases effectively.
Since PEG forms complexes with carboxylic-acid-containing polymers, especially in solution, it appears that grafting of MA to PP tends to enhance the compatibility between the PP and PEG segments.
MAP was found to be very effective in improving the compatibility between PCE and PP phases.
GMS is an effective compatibilizer for the PPO/PET blend system
The improvement in thermal stability also conﬁrmed that, with the addition of MAH, the adhesion between TPS and LLDPE in the blends was enhanced, further improving the compatibility of TPS and LLDPE.
For example, Ma and his colleague perform in-situ compatibilization between PHB and PBS using 3 dicumylperoxide (DCP) as a free-radical grafting initiator.
For example, Krause17 used a silica ﬁller as a compatibilizer for immiscible polyoleﬁn/polyacrylate and polyoleﬁn/polymethacrylate blends.
indicating that LDPE improves the compatibility behavior of SBR=NBR rubber blend.
Unsaturated polyester as compatibilizer for Styrene-Butadiene (SBR)=Acrylonitrile-Butadiene (NBR) Rubber blends.