Both the thermal and dynamic mechanical analysis of the blend from the two polystyrene (PS) and polybutadiene (BR) homopolymers show a low degree of compatibility.
It is found that a PS-BR blend has a low degree of compatibility.
Due to the poor compatibility of BL and PEO, BL may easily migrate out of the electrolyte and inﬂuence the stability of the conductivity.
In contrast, PMMA, which has a similar chemical structure to that of PVAc does not form compatible blends with PEOP, as verified experimentally, because it does not fit the minimum equation of state conditions necessary for miscibility.
Comparatively speaking, PSF – PHB block copolymers show poor compatibility to PSF/TLCP blends.
However, PET and ABS are immiscible and require compatibilization.
The homogeneity is reduced by the low compatibility of the polyols based on polyester with freon 11.
This indicates that SBR and NBR have low overall degree of compatibility.
It has been found that terephthalate-based polyesters are not generally compatible with BPA-phenoxy.
However, the difference in oleﬁn concentration of EPDM and natural rubber resulted in a cure-rate–incompatible blend.
This indicates the multiphase system in both STR5L/EPDM and STR5L/ BEPDM blends, and thus they are incompatible.
From rheological and thermal analyses it can therefore be concluded that both NR/EPDM and NR/ BEPDM blends are thermodynamically incompatible.
Figure 5 is the TSD spectra of a 50/50 PpClS/PPO incompatible blend.
This indicated that at 240°C and 60 min, PC and P46 are still incompatible, and the decrease in the Tg of PC could possibly be caused by the plasticizing effect of P46 on PC.
It is well known that incompatibility exists for blends of polystyrene (PSI and polybutadiene (PBD).
Polystyrene (PS) and polybutadiene (PBD) are known to be incompatible and two glass transition regions are observed, TJPS)
In an earlier article1 a partially modified polystyrene (PS), poly(styrene-co-vinylphenyl hexafluorodimethyl carbinol)(PHFA), was shown to be completely compatible with two amorphous polymers, bisphenol A polycarbonate and poly(n-butyl methacrylate), with which PS itself is incompatible.
Friese8 has only quoted his unpublished data on this subject which indicate that PVC forms compatible blends with polychloroprene while chlorinated polyisoprene blends with PVC were stated to be incompatible.
Mixtures of two compatible polymers, poly(viny1 chloride) and poly(acrylonitri1e-co-butadiene) containing 40 percent acrylonitrile, can be compatible with poly(viny1idene chloride-co-vinyl chloride), which is incompatible and partially compatible respectively with these two polymers.
For example, the matrix polymer and the elastomer, such as poly (butylene terephthalate) and any type of elastomer, poly (acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene) and polycarbonate, poly (vinyl chloride) and silicone-acrylic modiﬁer, polyphenylenesulﬁde and SEBS, are incompatible.
Polyamides are immiscible with polyoleﬁns or polyoleﬁn-based elastomers due to their structural diﬀerence, the absence of speciﬁc interactions and also to the incompatibility caused by free volume eﬀects resulting from diﬀerent thermal expansion coefﬁcients.
The technique is demonstrated with two systems: deuterated poly(styrene)/poly(methyl methacrylate) which are incompatible and deuterated poly(styrene)/poly(vinyl methyl ether) which are compatible.
PET, P-l,2-PT, and P-1,3-PT were found to be incompatible with BPA-phenoxy at all polyester levels.
The result shows that b-nucleated PP was incompatible with PTT, and the addition of the two compatibilizers decreased the interfacial tension between b-nucleated PP and PTT; this led to improved dispersion and strengthened interfacial bonding in the blends.
Blends of PMA and PEO were essentially incompatible at all compositions.
The IR spectrum of the incompatible blend of PS/PEO (Wl, w/w)
ENR/Novolac blends were compatible, ENR/Resole, and ENR/phenoxy semicompatible, and ENR/CER incompatible.
CER is incompatible with ENR because acidic hydrogens are not available due to the competing action of the curing agent.
The non-linear dependence of the height and temperature of the peak on the NBR content suggests that the two phases are incompatible and some molecular interactions take place between the SBR and NBR blocks.
Thermal analysis was used to study the incompatible blends of polystyrene and polybutadiene.
SBR=NBR rubber blends are incompatible and their compatibility could be enhanced by using LDPE.
Mechanism of compatibility Reasons for incompatibility of TPS/LLDPE blends are high interfacial tension and, consequently, poor interfacial adhesion between the two components.
PPO is completely incompatible with PET
measurements indicated that the PCE and PP phases are incompatible.
From the dynamic mechanical analysis, it is apparent that PP and PCE as well as PCL phases are incompatible.
Similarly, the PP and PCE phases in the PP/PCE 75/25 blend are also incompatible according to the large difference in melting temperature between these two phases.
On the basis, PP and PA6 present complimentary properties, but their blends always are immiscible and exhibit typical two-phase incompatible characters after directly blending because of their differences in chemical structure and polarity.
Interfacial tensions corroborate the PLA/PA10-10 incompatibility
The higher interaction energy of the blend shows incompatibility of polybutadiene/ NBR blend systems
However, Corish found the BR-NBR blends incompatible even at low nitrile contents by glass transition temperature (T,) studies.
In the present system, the convex curvature again indicates incompatibility in all compositions of BR and NBR.
It is well known that incompatibility exists for blends of PS and BR, and two Tg‘s were observed.
However, PET and PVC exhibit a high degree of incompatibility, in addition to the difficulty of preparation of the mixture from the melt.
the incompatible nature of the PVDF/PS system is clearly distinguishable.
These facts clearly indicate that PA6/PS blends are incompatible because of the different polarities between PA6 and PS.
Copolymers of styrene-o-fluorostyrene are incompatible with PS.
It is clear that the PS/PVC blends are expected to be thermodynamically incompatible because the calculated heat of mixing lies above the upper limit of compatibility.
Poly(p-fluorostyrene) and poly(o-fluorostyrene) are both incompatible with PPO and with PS.
as well as Fried have found that styrene-p-chlorostyrene random copolymer with a relatively high content of p-chlorostyrene itself is incompatible with PPO and PS.
In contrast, blends of PEOP and polytmethyl methacrylate) (PMMA), which has a similar chemical structure to that of PVAc are predicted to be incompatible, in agreement with experimental evidence.
From this data it is apparent that complete substitution with fluorine at the ortho position in polystyrene yields a polymer incompatible with PPO.
Homopolymers of pFS and oFS were found to be incompatible with PPO and PS.
From this investigation it could be concluded that PS/PVC blends are incompatible.
The incompatibility of polystyrene and poly(methy1 methacrylate) in benzene was examined at 20.1°, 40.0°, and 602°C.
Thus PMMA may compatibilize the incompatible PC/Poly(vinylidene ﬂuoride) or the PC/ABS blend .
The processing characteristics and DSC measurements showed the incompatibility of the binary IPP/ PA6 blends, especially for the 50/50 ratio of mixing.
However, the direct mixing of polyamides with polyoleﬁns usually gives incompatible blends that exhibit poor mechanical, electrical and thermal properties.
As a pair of incompatible polymers, the above d-PS and protonated poly(methy1 methacrylate), PMMA, were chosen.