The appearance of a slight negative heat effect and abrupt changes in At following the mixing of all solutions investigated in the present study give ground to the conclusion that a compatibility exists between SKN-26 and Balresin and Kofenal 220 and between Perbunan C 210 and Kofenal 220 over a wide range of ratios.
Compatibility of Blends of Polyesters with the Polyhydroxyether of Bisphen 01- A 
It was recently that the compatibility of polyesters with certain polymers derived from bisphenol-A owes to specific interactions between polar groups on the two polymer chains.
In the case of blends of polyesters with the polyhydroxyether of bisphenol-A (BPA-phenoxy), the suggestion was made that the pendant hydroxyl group of the phenoxy interacts with the carbonyl of the polyester to promote compatibility.
In agreement with previous results, PBT was found to be compatible with BPA-phenoxy.
That the DCPA-COP mixture is a compatible blend is corroborated by all five types of experiments used.
In the blend with 75 wt % of FKM, we observed that it is technologically compatible due to the increase of physical properties and the decrease of the domain size of FE-SEM in 25/75 SR/FKM blend.
The poly(vinylidene fluoride) forms blends based on thermodynamic compatibility with certain polymers such as polyacrylates and polymethacrylates.
However, Ghosh reported that the blends of silicone rubber (SR) and fluororubber (FKM) are thermodynamically immiscible and technologically compatible.
Bridges have reported that a silicone elastomer can be alloyed with polyester thermosetting resin by a chemical crosslinking process.
It is thought that the 25/75 SR/ FKM blend showed better technological compatibility.
Results of physical properties measurements reveal the blends of SR and FKM are technologically compatible.
Therefore, we found that blend with 75 wt % FKM is technologically compatible due to interaction between SR and FKM from FE-SEM images.
Ghosh and De52 have reported that the 50/50 blend of SR and FKM is technologically compatible.
Copolymers of styrene with vinylphenyl trifluoromethyl carbinol, p-vinylphenyl trifluoromethyl carbinol, vinylphenyl hexafluorodimethyl carhinol, and p-vinylphenol are conditionally compatible with poly(ethy1ene oxide).
Hydrogen-bonding reassociation in the compatible blend of PFA/PEO (4/1, w/w).
The effect of temperature on hydrogen bonding in compatible blends of PFA/PEO (4/1) and PHFA/PEO (4/1) was also studied by FT-IR.
The IR spectrum of the compatible blend of PFA/PEO (8/1, w/w)
Differential scanning calorimetric (DSC), dynamic mechanical, thermogravimetric, and scanning electron microscopic analyses indicated that PVA and DNA are compatible in a wide range of compositions.
This result seems to reﬂect the compatibility of PVA/DNA blends.
The dynamic mechanical characterization as well as DSC analysis suggested that PVA and DNA were compatible in a wide range of compositions.
This study revealed that PVA and DNA were compatible in a wide range of compositions to form a new class of biopolymer hybrids.
In our search for compatible polymer pairs we have recently discovered that epoxidized natural rubber (ENR) gives miscible blends with chlorinated polyolefins.
Due to the acid character of their phenolic hydroxyl, certain types are miscible with electron-donating polymers, for example, polyesters, polyethers, and poly(styrene-acrylonitrile) copolymers.
Using the criterion of the presence of a single Tg6 (T, of blend) varying regularly with composition, it is inferred that Novolac is compatible with ENR50 and ENR25 .
With Novolac resins having structure, their compatibility with ENR is attributed to hydrogen bonding between the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxyl and the oxygen of the oxirane ring.
This result suggests that low molecular weight polystyrene is more compatible with polybutadiene than is high molecular weight polystyrene, and compatibility increases in the intermediate regions of PS blend compositions.
This effect is attributed to the high compatibility of the tall oil fatty acids with various compounds.
The blends of PS and PPO have previously been found to be completely compatible throughout the entire composition range.
Second, the blend containing 30% P46 became a compatible system after 60 min of blending at 260°C.
At 260°C and for the blend containing 30% P46, it seemed that the blend became a compatible system.
Various methods of determining polymeric molecular compatibility were applied to blends of poly(viny1 chloride) (PVC) and poly(ethy1ene-w-vinyl acetate-co-sulfur In one series, where the E/VA/SOz had a mole composition of dioxide) (E/VA/SO), true compatible blends were demonstrated by phase-contrast microscopy, torsion pendulum studies, and differential scanning calorimetry experiments for blends containing up to 40% E/VA/SO,
As a pair of compatible polymers deuterated poly(styrene), d-PS, and poly(viny1 methyl ether), PVME, were used.
2–9 Poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) is compatible with poly(styrene-co-acrylonitrile) (SAN), is characterized by higher heat-distortion temperature (HDT), and is cheaper than other high-performance polymers.
We investigated the compatibility of blends of 1,4rich polyisoprene (1,4-PI) and poly(4-n-alkylstyrene)s with six kinds of n-alkyl side groups, that is, methyl, ethyl, propyl, butyl, hexyl, and octyl focusing on carbon number of alkyl groups. Poly(4-methylstyrene)/1,4-PI blend was turned out to be immiscible at all temperature range adopted in this work and poly(4-ethylstyrene)/1,4-PI blend revealed UCST type phase behavior, while the others were found to be compatible.
PC3St_222/1,4-PI_12 blend is compatible in range of 10 to 200 nm.
PHFA was found to be compatible with bisphenol A polycarbonate, poly(buty1 methacrylate), and poly(2,6dimethyl-l,4-phenylene oxide).
Thus the results of this study support the earlier observation that the most compatible PVAc-PEMA blend is that containing 18% PEMA by weight, with a PVAc compound of reasonably low molecular weight and PEMA of high molecular weight such that approaches 100.
Our study has shown that not only homopolystyrene but also polystyrene engaged in a block copolymer is compatible with PPO under given conditions.
DMA results indicated that R-PET was partially miscible with ABS.
Good mechanical compatibility and limited mutual miscibility were also reported12 for elastomeric PU based on toluene diisocyanate (TDI) and PTMO.
In the complex of PEO/EO2PSLi/DGS, the good compatibility of DGS with PEO means that DGS can permeate through the inside of PEO macromolecular coils, degrade the short-range interactions among polymer chains.
Therefore, the use of a DGS and BL mixture may improve the general properties of polymer ionic conductors by taking advantage of the good compatibility of DGS with PEO and the low viscosity and high polarity of BL.
Polystyrene and poly(methyl methacrylate) have been shown to demonstrate this limited compatibility.
In addition, it was confirmed by DSC that PC was partly compatible with PS.
The SP46 copolymer and SO49 copolymer were compatible with PPO in all proportions.
Using a variety of techniques, it was found that PS and PPO are miscible at all blend compositions.
Recently it was found in these laboratories that poly(o-chlorostyrene) is compatible with PS.
The copolymer of styrene-p -fluorostyrene with 46% p -fluorostyrene content, and the copolymer of styrene and o-fluorostyrene with 49% o-fluorostyrene content, are compatible with PPO in all proportions, as observed using the DSC method.
ENR/EPDM is supposed to be a compatible blend because the heat of mixing is less than 4.185*10^2 J/mol, the ﬁgure considered to be the upper limit of compatibility.
The presence of a single glass transition indicates that the ENR/EPDM blend system is compatible.
In the light of these results it is legitimate to state that PVA compatibilizes the system PVDF/PS when present in the blend at 30%,
On the other hand, compatibility is obtained for the CA/PVB blends with lower WPVB values, especially at about 0.2.
According to the obtained results, it has been concluded that the PMMA-co-BMA/chitosan bioblends are compatible in all the studied compositions. 
According to all the aforementioned methods, chitosan and PMMA-coBMA give rise to compatible bioblends.
Molecular compatibility of PPE with PS has been demonstrated over the whole composition range.
Poly(ethy1ene-ortho-phthalate), which meets the stated conditions, was tested and found to effectively plasticize PVAc, forming a compatible polymer system, whose detailed study is presented here.
Thus, from this observation, the PEOP-PVAc system can be considered as fully compatible, in principle.
Thus, studies carried out separately on mixtures of PEOP with poly(methy1 metacrylate) show that, at most, these two polymers are semicompatible.
Poly(ethy1ene ortho-phthalate) and poly(viny1 acetate) form compatible blends in the whole composition range,
In terms of Flory's equation of state, PEOP and PVAc are miscible because they fulfill the requirements of characteristic parameter ratios, as suggested by Somani and Shaw.
First, the volume fraction of the dispersed phase of the i-PP blended with EPR(B), hereinafter referred to as EPR(B)/i-PP, is much lower than that of the i-PP blended with SEBS (SEBS/i-PP) because of the high compatibility between EPR and i-PP.
The effect of the annealing of EPR(B)/i-PP is higher than that of SEBS/i-PP because of the high compatibility between EPR and i-PP.
However, the blend of i-PP and an elastomer such as ethylene-propylene copolymer (EPR) or styrene-ethylenebutadiene-styrene tri-block copolymer (SEBS) is partially compatible 
It was found that EPR(B) and i-PP are compatible in the molten state from observation of Fig.
SEBS and i-PP are partially compatible because the volume fraction of the dispersed phase is lower than the added amount, as shown in Fig.
The high compatibility of EPR(B) to i-PP, in comparison with SEBS, as shown in Table 2, results in these phenomena.
It was conﬁrmed that the volume fraction of the dispersed phase of EPR(B)/i-PP is much lower than that of SEBS/i-PP due to the high compatibility of EPR to i-PP.
Dextran and MAc±VA copolymer are compatible at a 95±85 wt.
Polybutadiene and poly ( butadieneco-acrylonitrile ) should be conditionally compatible, at least when nitrile content is 10w.
Based on results, we conclude that PCL and PMMA-co-BMA form compatible blends owing to specific interactions between carbonyl groups of PMMA-coBMA and hydrogens present in the polymeric chain of PCL.
According to all the aforementioned methods, PCL and PMMA-co-BMA give rise to compatible blends.
Surface tensions conﬁrm the highest compatibility between PLA and PA12.
This implies that the terephthalate-rich phase is compatible with PBT.
Therefore the PET-POB copolymer is considered to be only partially compatible with PBT.
Binary blends of poly(buty1ene terephthalate) (PBT) and a liquidcrystalline copolymer, a PET modified by 60 mol % p-oxybenzoate (POB), are found to be compatible in the “flexible” low-T, phase of the copolymer, composed mainly of the terephthalate-rich component.
With relatively longer side chains, the polyimides were proved to be compatibilized with polydimethylsiloxanes.
This is probably the reason why NBR’s are partially compatible with P(VdC-VC)
The similar structure of PBBS and poly(butylene suOn the whole, the rigid-rod aromatic polyimides were proved to be compatibilized with PDMSs with relatively longer side chains.
have studied compatible ternary blends composing of a crystalline polymer, poly(viny1idene fluoride) (PVdF), with two amorphous polymers, poly(methy1 methacrylate) (PMMA) and poly(ethy1 methacrylate) (PEA).ccinate), ensure high compatibility between them, which offers opportunity to highly toughen PBS by blending with elastic PBBS.
It could be seen that, the PBBS-40/PBS, PBBS-50/PBS, and PBBS-60/PBS blends show homogeneous phase microstructure, indicating these PBBS possess excellent compatibility with PBS.
In Figure 5 (e) to (f), the PBBS dispersed uniformly with particle size ranging from 100 to 300 nm in PBS matrix, indicating suitable compatibility between PBBS and PBS.